# Welcome to Motivation Station! 
This app is designed to help you store all of your favorite quotes in one convenient place. 

# Running this App
To get started, please navigate to the following github repository: [https://github.com/biancancanal/motivational-quotes-app]. Next, click the green "Code" button, ensure the key is an SSH, and copy it to your clipboard. Navigate to your terminal and, in a new folder that you trust, run the command 'git clone' followed by the SSH key. Once the file is on your local computer, navigate to the folder titled "motivational-quotes-app" using the command 'cd.' Now that you are in the correct directory, please run 'npm install react-router-dom.' You should see a flurry of activity. Next, run 'npm start.' Your react app should render perfectly and your browser should say "Motivation Station!" To see the saved quotes and save more of your own, open a new terminal window, naviagte to the same directory and run "json-server --watch db.json --port 3001" .  

## Using this App
Most of the activity in this App takes place within the tab "Quotes." You can find this tab at the top left of the browser. In Quotes, you will see a list of words. These keywords are links to quotes that have already been saved in this application. If you click on the keyword, you will be navigated to a page that lists a) the keyword b) the quote and c) the author of that quote. From here, you can also return to the quotes page at any time using the "Go Back" button. Once you have explored all of the quotes already on the page, feel free to add your own! Click on "New Quote" and use the input areas to add your ideas and make the app your own! 